# Hi there 👋

I'm building a knowledge base.

# Requirements

- A Terminal Emulator
  
  + It needs to run a posix compliant shell and support unicode characters.

  + For example:  Foot, Alacritty, Kitty, or WezTerm with a nerdfont running 
    bash is just fine. I personally use 
    [foot](https://codeberg.org/dnkl/foot), 
    [BigBlueTerm Nerd Font](https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads),
    and [dash](https://packages.debian.org/sid/dash)

- [Podman](https://podman.io/)
  
  + It must be accessible from your terminal emulator's shell.

- A `secrets.sh` file of the following form:
  + ```
    TOKEN=<Your fine grained personal access token which allows you to push up to github>
    PASSPHRASE=<The pass phrase you use to decrypt the project planning document>
    ```
  + You must be able to access that file in your terminal emulator. 

# Installation

- Configure the required software to your liking. An example can be found in 
  `scripts/foot/deploy_config.sh`.   
- Run a podman command that I'm cooking up for creating and running the 
  container (this will also clone the repo, handle the git hooks deploy that 
  currently needs to happen, and install all of the other software with GUIX. 
  It will also use the the file path to my secrets file which gets used 
  in the other scripts in the command)
- A podman command that opens up a guix shell which then runs a custom
  tmux session using a customized dash shell with everything open that you 
  need in order to get started.

# Use (MIGRATING FUNCTIONALITY)

- File paths are relative to the root of this repo.
- Before doing anything, run `sh scripts/install.sh`.
- You'll need my pass phrase for my encryption scripts. Store it in `../pass_phrase`. 
- To use the push script you need a github fine grained personal access token for this repo
  (see [here](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens))
  which you then store in `../token`. 
Note: The two previous filepaths just lead to text files that I don't append `.txt` to the end of. 
      Simply run `touch <file path>`, `vi <file path>`, and get to it :). 

# Software I'm Using (MIGRATING TO PODMAN AND GUIX MANIFEST FILES)

See `notes/software_i_am_using.md`.

# A note on AI

Besides artifacts from the autogenerated README.md, the license, and copy 
pasting URL's which I only use for linking out, everything here is made by me 
using a specific set of tools and methods for using them that I'll write out in 
further detail later. That list currently does not contain and will never 
contain an LLM or use of an LLM of any sort since I consider their use
outside of research/conversation to be a hindrance to human learning.
